README.md, before:

# <img width="500" alt="ompy logo heading 2" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/56207845/139159286-893a6e08-c04e-47d5-b405-d9d2d684dc9b.png">

#### Python library development, mainly mathematical tools. Intended to grow to a Python module.
--------



# Documentation


## ompy
\
This file provides functions to be used with angles and their different measures. (FOR NOW, TO BE DEVELOPED).

__are_bools(*tuple_arg*)__\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It checks if items in tuple are booleans data type.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Parameters:__ *tuple_arg*: tuple; required.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Returns:__ bool. True if all items are bools. False otherwise.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Examples:__
```
>>> import ompy.ompy as op
>>> op.are_bools(True, 2, "Hello")
False
>>> op.are_bools(True, False, True)
True
```
\
__to_dec_degrees(*theta, from_sexagesimal=False, from_gradians=False, from_turns=False, from_radians=True*)__\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It converts the provided angle to decimal degrees.\
\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Parameters:__ theta: int, float or str; required.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Angle to convert. If provided as str, current unit has to be sexagesimal system as respective input is to be "DdMM'SS''" or
"DdMM'SS''" pattern; where D could be any digits number  (under supported range), MM (whole num) and SS (could be decimal) are a 1 or 2 digit number lower than 60.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_sexagesimal:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is degrees, minutes and seconds (sexagesimal measurement system).

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_gradians:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is gradians.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_turns:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is number of turns/revolutions.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_radians:*
bool; default True.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is radians.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Returns:__ float; original angle now in decimal degrees.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Examples:__
```
>>> import ompy.ompy as op
>>> op.to_dec_degrees(1.23456)
70.735077555671
>>> op.to_dec_degrees("12d34'56''", from_sexagesimal=True)
12.582222222222
>>> op.to_dec_degrees(12.3456, from_gradians=True)
11.11104
>>> op.to_dec_degrees(0.123456, from_turns=True)
44.44416
```
\
__to_radians(*theta, from_sexagesimal=False, from_gradians=False, from_turns=False, from_dec_degrees=True*)__\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It converts the provided angle to radians.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Parameters:__ theta: int, float or str; required.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Angle to convert. If provided as str, current unit has to be sexagesimal system as 
respective input is to be "DdMM'SS''" or "DdMM'SS''" pattern; where D could be any-digits number 
(under supported range), MM (whole num) and SS (could be decimal) are a 1 or 2 digit number lower than 60.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_sexagesimal:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is degrees, minutes and seconds (sexagesimal measurement system).

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_gradians:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is gradians.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_turns:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is number of turns/revolutions.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_dec_degrees:*
bool; default True.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is decimal degrees.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Returns:__ float; original angle now in radians.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Examples:__
```
>>> import ompy.ompy as op
>>> op.to_radians(12.3456)
0.215471368134
>>> op.to_radians("12d34'56''", from_sexagesimal=True)
0.219601204995
>>> op.to_radians(12.3456, from_gradians=True)
0.193924231321
>>> op.to_radians(0.123456, from_turns=True)
0.775696925283
```
\
__to_gradians(*theta, from_dec_degrees=False, from_sexagesimal=False, from_turns=False, from_radians=True*)__\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It converts the provided angle to gradians.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Parameters:__ theta: int, float or str; required.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Angle to convert. If provided as str, current unit has to be sexagesimal system as 
respective input is to be "DdMM'SS''" or "DdMM'SS''" pattern; where D could be any-digits number 
(under supported range), MM (whole num) and SS (could be decimal) are a 1 or 2 digit number lower than 60.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_dec_degrees:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is decimal degrees.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_sexagesimal:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is degrees, minutes and seconds (sexagesimal measurement system).

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_turns:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is number of turns/revolutions.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_radians:*
bool; default True.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is radians.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Returns:__ float; original angle now in gradians.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Examples:__
```
>>> import ompy.ompy as op
>>> op.to_gradians(1.23456)
78.594530617412
>>> op.to_gradians(12.3456, from_dec_degrees=True)
13.7173333333
>>> op.to_gradians("12d34'56''", from_sexagesimal=True)
13.98024691358
>>> op.to_gradians(0.123456, from_turns=True)
49.3824
```
\
__to_turns(*theta, from_dec_degrees=False, from_sexagesimal=False, from_gradians=False, from_radians=True*)__\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It converts the provided angle to number of equivalent turns or revolutions.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Parameters:__ theta: int, float or str; required.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Angle to convert. If provided as str, current unit has to be sexagesimal system as 
respective input is to be "DdMM'SS''" or "DdMM'SS''" pattern; where D could be any-digits number 
(under supported range), MM (whole num) and SS (could be decimal) are a 1 or 2 digit number lower than 60.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_dec_degrees:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is decimal degrees.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_sexagesimal:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is degrees, minutes and seconds (sexagesimal measurement system).

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_gradians:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is gradians.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_radians:*
bool; default True.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is radians.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Returns:__ float; original angle now in number of turns/revolutions.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Examples:__
```
>>> import ompy.ompy as op
>>> op.to_turns(1.23456)
0.196486326544
>>> op.to_turns(12.3456, from_dec_degrees=True)
0.034293333333
>>> op.to_turns("12d34'56''", from_sexagesimal=True)
0.034950617284
>>> op.to_turns(0.123456, from_gradians=True)
0.030864
```
\
__to_sexagesimal(*theta, from_dec_degrees=False, from_gradians=False, from_turns=False, from_radians=True*)__\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It converts the provided angle into the sexagesimal system, where the angle is
    composed by the degrees, minutes and seconds magnitudes; following the pattern 
    D°MM'SS'' (D, MM, SS are the magnitudes; MM and SS are 1 or 2 digit numbers lower than 60).


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Parameters:__ theta: int or float; required.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Angle to convert.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_dec_degrees:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is decimal degrees.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_gradians:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is gradians.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_turns:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is number of turns/revolutions.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_radians:*
bool; default True.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is radians.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Returns:__ Sexagesimal angle features (angle as str and its parts according
    to the sexagesimal system format) from the original angle.
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;'sexagesimal angle features', tuple-like; consisting on the following fieldnames and values:\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"str_"      : str; converted angle following the pattern "D°MM'SS''".\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"degrees"   : int; degrees section from converted angle.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"minutes"   : int; minutes section from converted angle.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"seconds"   : float; seconds section from converted angle.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Examples:__
```
>>> import ompy.ompy as op
>>> op.to_sexagesimal(1.23456)
SexagesimalAngle(str_="70°46'15.4394904459''", degrees=70, minutes=46, seconds=15.4394904459)
>>> op.to_sexagesimal(1.23456).str_
"70°46'15.4394904459''"
>>> op.to_sexagesimal(1.23456).degrees
70
>>> op.to_sexagesimal(1.23456).minutes
46
>>> op.to_sexagesimal(1.23456).seconds
15.4394904459

>>> op.to_sexagesimal(12.3456, from_dec_degrees=True)
SexagesimalAngle(str_="12°20'44.16''", degrees=12, minutes=20, seconds=44.16)
>>> op.to_sexagesimal(12.3456, from_gradians=True)
SexagesimalAngle(str_="11°6'39.744''", degrees=11, minutes=6, seconds=39.744)
>>> op.to_sexagesimal(0.123456, from_turns=True)
SexagesimalAngle(str_="44°26'38.976''", degrees=44, minutes=26, seconds=38.976)
```

Commit message:

starting cubic documentation, title and explanation
Readme update 1101 1528: starting cubic equation, title and explanation.

README.md, after:

# <img width="500" alt="ompy logo heading 2" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/56207845/139159286-893a6e08-c04e-47d5-b405-d9d2d684dc9b.png">

#### Python library development, mainly mathematical tools. Intended to grow to a Python module.
--------



# Documentation


## ompy
\
Operations and relations for angles and their different measures. (for now, to be developed).

__are_bools(*tuple_arg*)__\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It checks if items in tuple are booleans data type.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Parameters:__ *tuple_arg*: tuple; required.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Returns:__ bool. True if all items are bools. False otherwise.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Examples:__
```
>>> import ompy.ompy as op
>>> op.are_bools(True, 2, "Hello")
False
>>> op.are_bools(True, False, True)
True
```
\
__to_dec_degrees(*theta, from_sexagesimal=False, from_gradians=False, from_turns=False, from_radians=True*)__\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It converts the provided angle to decimal degrees.\
\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Parameters:__ theta: int, float or str; required.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Angle to convert. If provided as str, current unit has to be sexagesimal system as respective input is to be "DdMM'SS''" or
"DdMM'SS''" pattern; where D could be any digits number  (under supported range), MM (whole num) and SS (could be decimal) are a 1 or 2 digit number lower than 60.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_sexagesimal:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is degrees, minutes and seconds (sexagesimal measurement system).

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_gradians:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is gradians.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_turns:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is number of turns/revolutions.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_radians:*
bool; default True.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is radians.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Returns:__ float; original angle now in decimal degrees.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Examples:__
```
>>> import ompy.ompy as op
>>> op.to_dec_degrees(1.23456)
70.735077555671
>>> op.to_dec_degrees("12d34'56''", from_sexagesimal=True)
12.582222222222
>>> op.to_dec_degrees(12.3456, from_gradians=True)
11.11104
>>> op.to_dec_degrees(0.123456, from_turns=True)
44.44416
```
\
__to_radians(*theta, from_sexagesimal=False, from_gradians=False, from_turns=False, from_dec_degrees=True*)__\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It converts the provided angle to radians.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Parameters:__ theta: int, float or str; required.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Angle to convert. If provided as str, current unit has to be sexagesimal system as 
respective input is to be "DdMM'SS''" or "DdMM'SS''" pattern; where D could be any-digits number 
(under supported range), MM (whole num) and SS (could be decimal) are a 1 or 2 digit number lower than 60.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_sexagesimal:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is degrees, minutes and seconds (sexagesimal measurement system).

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_gradians:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is gradians.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_turns:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is number of turns/revolutions.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_dec_degrees:*
bool; default True.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is decimal degrees.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Returns:__ float; original angle now in radians.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Examples:__
```
>>> import ompy.ompy as op
>>> op.to_radians(12.3456)
0.215471368134
>>> op.to_radians("12d34'56''", from_sexagesimal=True)
0.219601204995
>>> op.to_radians(12.3456, from_gradians=True)
0.193924231321
>>> op.to_radians(0.123456, from_turns=True)
0.775696925283
```
\
__to_gradians(*theta, from_dec_degrees=False, from_sexagesimal=False, from_turns=False, from_radians=True*)__\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It converts the provided angle to gradians.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Parameters:__ theta: int, float or str; required.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Angle to convert. If provided as str, current unit has to be sexagesimal system as 
respective input is to be "DdMM'SS''" or "DdMM'SS''" pattern; where D could be any-digits number 
(under supported range), MM (whole num) and SS (could be decimal) are a 1 or 2 digit number lower than 60.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_dec_degrees:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is decimal degrees.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_sexagesimal:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is degrees, minutes and seconds (sexagesimal measurement system).

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_turns:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is number of turns/revolutions.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_radians:*
bool; default True.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is radians.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Returns:__ float; original angle now in gradians.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Examples:__
```
>>> import ompy.ompy as op
>>> op.to_gradians(1.23456)
78.594530617412
>>> op.to_gradians(12.3456, from_dec_degrees=True)
13.7173333333
>>> op.to_gradians("12d34'56''", from_sexagesimal=True)
13.98024691358
>>> op.to_gradians(0.123456, from_turns=True)
49.3824
```
\
__to_turns(*theta, from_dec_degrees=False, from_sexagesimal=False, from_gradians=False, from_radians=True*)__\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It converts the provided angle to number of equivalent turns or revolutions.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Parameters:__ theta: int, float or str; required.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Angle to convert. If provided as str, current unit has to be sexagesimal system as 
respective input is to be "DdMM'SS''" or "DdMM'SS''" pattern; where D could be any-digits number 
(under supported range), MM (whole num) and SS (could be decimal) are a 1 or 2 digit number lower than 60.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_dec_degrees:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is decimal degrees.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_sexagesimal:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is degrees, minutes and seconds (sexagesimal measurement system).

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_gradians:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is gradians.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_radians:*
bool; default True.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is radians.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Returns:__ float; original angle now in number of turns/revolutions.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Examples:__
```
>>> import ompy.ompy as op
>>> op.to_turns(1.23456)
0.196486326544
>>> op.to_turns(12.3456, from_dec_degrees=True)
0.034293333333
>>> op.to_turns("12d34'56''", from_sexagesimal=True)
0.034950617284
>>> op.to_turns(0.123456, from_gradians=True)
0.030864
```
\
__to_sexagesimal(*theta, from_dec_degrees=False, from_gradians=False, from_turns=False, from_radians=True*)__\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It converts the provided angle into the sexagesimal system, where the angle is
    composed by the degrees, minutes and seconds magnitudes; following the pattern 
    D°MM'SS'' (D, MM, SS are the magnitudes; MM and SS are 1 or 2 digit numbers lower than 60).


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Parameters:__ theta: int or float; required.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Angle to convert.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_dec_degrees:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is decimal degrees.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_gradians:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is gradians.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_turns:*
bool; default False.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is number of turns/revolutions.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*from_radians:*
bool; default True.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pass True if current unit to convert from is radians.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Returns:__ Sexagesimal angle features (angle as str and its parts according
    to the sexagesimal system format) from the original angle.
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;'sexagesimal angle features', tuple-like; consisting on the following fieldnames and values:\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"str_"      : str; converted angle following the pattern "D°MM'SS''".\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"degrees"   : int; degrees section from converted angle.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"minutes"   : int; minutes section from converted angle.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"seconds"   : float; seconds section from converted angle.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;__Examples:__
```
>>> import ompy.ompy as op
>>> op.to_sexagesimal(1.23456)
SexagesimalAngle(str_="70°46'15.4394904459''", degrees=70, minutes=46, seconds=15.4394904459)
>>> op.to_sexagesimal(1.23456).str_
"70°46'15.4394904459''"
>>> op.to_sexagesimal(1.23456).degrees
70
>>> op.to_sexagesimal(1.23456).minutes
46
>>> op.to_sexagesimal(1.23456).seconds
15.4394904459

>>> op.to_sexagesimal(12.3456, from_dec_degrees=True)
SexagesimalAngle(str_="12°20'44.16''", degrees=12, minutes=20, seconds=44.16)
>>> op.to_sexagesimal(12.3456, from_gradians=True)
SexagesimalAngle(str_="11°6'39.744''", degrees=11, minutes=6, seconds=39.744)
>>> op.to_sexagesimal(0.123456, from_turns=True)
SexagesimalAngle(str_="44°26'38.976''", degrees=44, minutes=26, seconds=38.976)
```



## cubic
\
Analysis for cubic equations (for now, to be developed).
